hey guys it's me Casey and welcome as I
continue on in the monorail monorail
monorail event act 2 has officially hit
we got this Sebastian dude who says my
work on the monorail is progressing well
we shall move on to phase two
optimization the modeling of fun is
looking a little uh and but embezzled we
can't afford anything too expensive not
to fear an engineering there's always
one fallback plan that never fails
complete project or duct tape and unlock
more monomial prizes all right well the
previous one was the blueprints now we
have the duct tape we've also got unlock
and the hippie I don't you have to look
with that actually that's going to be
the the end prize for hack - but here's
what I want to do when it clicked is a
little smelly building to see if we got
the duct tape instead of the blueprints
yay let's do it again cuz that was fun
that's not it
and yeah man that's awesome
oh we got something in the corners well
what'd we get
I'm predicting actually I don't know
what it would be to be honest don't want
it my dicks helping when I have no clue
let me see here oh the recycled walls
have returned from the clash of clones
events so two and then 24 that no
appears we stopped something else what
is it what do we have the dumping
permits who that wait that's not new is
it no I don't that could it's actually
new hold on that's not it what uh here
we go the garbage truck for 35 doughnuts
that's the other thing I think oh no
there's more stuff there is the golf
course for 100 doughnuts
does anything else that's actually not
costing doughnuts that'd be kind of nice
Helsley any new decorations no it's a
Pierce just a couple premium items sorry
that's cannabis yeah I was expecting
something maybe that cost money but I
guess that's not the case what is this
plastic management okay for that rights
I got to to deck day but the main thing
what does that thing terminal station
pack there we go there's a hippie don't
know how to pronounce that guy Yuya is
that right I don't know but the first
one is going to be the Tenace Tet
tetanus
tetanus that's what it is tetanus
terminal 444 50 of the duct tape let's
do this one yay five nine and twenty one
Thursday
yay let's keep going
Oh what's it that's it for now but I'm
halfway done my first one what you got
an tree thing it's an interesting no
really we will be getting glass as well
you'll notice here that you can see the
metal the plastic and of course the
glass we haven't got the glass just yet
I'll be getting it a little bit later on
in this and this act - if I recall but
it's pretty simple so far there's not
much to this especially in act 2 is
continuing to do what you're doing the
blueprints are now going to be
substituted for the duct tape and just
continue what you're doing pretty simple
stuff finally make sure to do the
possums as well with the lamagno station
there's one there you'll get you get the
same as before with the blueprints
you'll get 10 of the duct tape and this
is my monomial station at the moment you
can kind of see I'm just making a circle
out of it I don't know exactly where I'm
gonna put this yet I don't know where
it's gonna go in terms up looping and
stuff but I'll figure that out later I'm
just putting down the tracks and stuff
just for fun and Kimmel I'm putting I
say I think I was able to get I think
three pieces or something so he afford I
don't know how many pieces I was able to
get after I got the the final act one
prize don't know how much I'm gonna be
able to get in the second act hopefully
hope you're using anything just as long
for me personally the ray Patterson guy
took me like you know up until maybe a
couple days remaining until does act you
started I'm hoping I'll have a lot more
time in this act to for more tracks when
I get to hippie anyway that is going to
wrap it up for now how are you guys
doing so far in this event we able to
get ready Patterson how is your tracks
coming along I'm interested I really
want to know how you guys are doing but
if you enjoyed this video and you really
want to show your support
hit that thumbs up button that would be
super duper some amazing thanks for
watching
and now see you buy more of these
waterway event action
ring